#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   tensorflow-datasets
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via h5py
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.4
    # via tensorflow-datasets
dm-tree==0.1.6
    # via tensorflow-datasets
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
flatbuffers==2.0
    # via tensorflow
future==0.18.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.6.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
googleapis-common-protos==1.54.0
    # via tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.44.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.6.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.3
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.11.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   markdown
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   tensorflow-datasets
ipykernel==6.9.1
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==7.31.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
keras==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
libclang==13.0.0
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.0
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.5.11
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.4.2
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.8
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-python==4.1.2.30
    # via -r requirements.in
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   qtpy
pandas==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==7.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.13.1
    # via notebook
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
prompt-toolkit==3.0.28
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.19.4
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-metadata
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.3
    # via pandas
pywin32==303
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.2
    # via terminado
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.2.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.0.1
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   dm-tree
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
tensorboard==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-datasets==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.7.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-hub==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.24.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.6.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
terminado==0.13.1
    # via notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
torch==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   jsonschema
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
werkzeug==2.0.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via tensorflow
zipp==3.7.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
